Explanation of Variables:

TypPS: 		Represents the average particle size measured in micrometers (µm).
oxygen: 	Represents the concentration of oxygen, recorded in volume percent.
pm10: 		Represents the concentration of particulate matter 10 micrometers or less in diameter, measured in micrograms per cubic meter (µg/m3).
cnt0_5: 	Indicates the total count of particulate matter particles greater than 0.5 micrometers in diameter.
co: 		Represents the concentration of carbon monoxide (CO), measured in parts per million (ppm).
temperature: 	Records the temperature in degrees Celsius (°C).
performance: 	A calculated performance index.
co2: 		Represents the concentration of carbon dioxide (CO2), measured in parts per million (ppm).
measuretime: 	The time in milliseconds (ms) taken for the entire previous measurement cycle.
so2: 		Represents the concentration of sulfur dioxide (SO2), measured in micrograms per cubic meter (µg/m3).
no2: 		Represents the concentration of nitrogen dioxide (NO2), measured in micrograms per cubic meter (µg/m3).
cnt5: 		Indicates the total count of particulate matter particles greater than 5 micrometers in diameter.
timestamp: 	The timestamp corresponding to the measurements, in Unix Epoch time format (milliseconds).
pm1: 		Represents the concentration of particulate matter 1.0 micrometer or less in diameter, measured in micrograms per cubic meter (µg/m3).
cnt1: 		Indicates the total count of particulate matter particles greater than 1 micrometer in diameter.
dewpt: 		Represents the dew point, measured in degrees Celsius (°C).
tvoc: 		Records the total volatile organic compounds (TVOC) concentration, measured in parts per billion (ppb).
pressure: 	Indicates the atmospheric pressure, measured in hectopascals (hPa).
cnt10: 		Indicates the total count of particulate matter particles greater than 10 micrometers in diameter.
dCO2dt: 	Represents the rate of change of CO2 concentration, measured in parts per million per second (ppm/s).
sound_max: 	Records the maximum noise level, measured in decibels (dB(A)).
health: 	A calculated health index. A range of 0 to 1000 for normal assessment, -200 for gas alarm, and -800 for fire alarm.
temperature_o2: Records the temperature in degrees Celsius (°C).
cnt2_5: 	Indicates the total count of particulate matter particles greater than 2.5 micrometers in diameter.
o3: 		Represents the concentration of ozone (O3), measured in micrograms per cubic meter (µg/m3).
humidity: 	Represents the relative humidity, measured in percent (%).
dHdt: 		Records the rate of change of absolute humidity, measured in grams per cubic meter per second (g/m3/s).
humidity_abs: 	Indicates the absolute humidity, measured in grams per cubic meter (g/m3).
sound: 		Represents the noise level, measured in decibels (dB(A)).
pm2_5: 		Represents the concentration of particulate matter 2.5 micrometers or less in diameter, measured in micrograms per cubic meter (µg/m3).
cnt0_3: 	Indicates the total count of particulate matter particles greater than 0.3 micrometers in diameter. 


Anomalies in Data: 

09 July 2023:	Measurement error with regard to fine dust values due to sudden increase in air humidity
17 April 2023: 	Lab power outage. Probably triggered by a short circuit
21 May 2023: 	Large fire in Herzogenrath (9-10km away from measuring location)

